#summary Introduction into the GoogleReader nookapp

= Introduction =

This project is designed for owners of the [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barnes_%26_Noble_Nook Barnes & Noble Nook] who have rooted their nook with the help of [http://nookdevs.com nookDevs] and wish to read google reader on their nook.

If you're already here, then you most likely know all of this, so let's get into the details.

=Purpose=
The purpose of this app is to allow you to read google reader feeds via the nook.  Although the soft-rooted nook already contains a feed viewer, it neither formats the feeds for the nook nor allows you to keep track of what's been read or will allow you to save entries for viewing later.  Google reader allows you to do both of these things. However, google reader does not format properly for the nook either.  The iPad version of google reader looks nice, but assumes that the screen is touchable, which for the nook is incorrect.  

So, I've developed this app in order to alleviate the above problems.  Hopefully with time, it will alleviate all problems and even add a couple features you didn't think you could have.

==Features==
The first version (1.0) of the reader shall have only feed reading capability, along with the ability to mark items read and unread.  It shall pull data only from the label "nook" and nothing else.

The middle iterations (1.X) of the the reader shall slowly add features such as: allowing the user to select which feeds to read, adding an article viewer, allowing user/readability scripts, and implementing an alternative interface (or themes)

The second version (2.0) of the reader shall: include an offline mode, implement integration of [http://code.google.com/p/nookapp-users/ nookapp-users] and implement a headline-view mode.

More information on various features on the [WikiFeatures Features] page.

=Disclaimer=
This application is not in any way associated with, nor endorsed by, Google or anyone at Google.